Question ;- For which of the following market segments does Reltio offer velocity packs? Select all that apply.
Healthcare
Insurance
Life Sciences
B2C
B2B
Financial Services
Ans: - select ALL.
explanation :-Reltio’s velocity packs are tailored solutions designed to accelerate Master Data Management (MDM) implementation and time-to-value in industry-specific markets. They provide predefined data models, configurations, and prebuilt connectors for these six key segments, plus product and supplier domains.


Que:- Which of the following areas are reduced by using out-of-the-box prebuilt components provided by Reltio Data Cloud? Select all that apply.
    Configuration efforts
    Implementation time
    Data modeling
[X] Data Tenants
Ans:- all except Data Tenant. 

Que:- Which of the following statements about FERN are true? Select all that apply.
    FERN is a secure, AI-driven matching engine that taps into the power of Large Language Models (LLM) pretrained for entity resolution.
    FERN brings semantic understanding to unifying customer data at scale with higher productivity and match accuracy, working seamlessly alongside rule-based matching and manual matching methods.
[X] FERN LLMs are trained on manually matching small volumes of text data.
    FERN can find matches previously impossible or impractical to find with rules or manual review alone.
Ans:-The true statements about FERN are:
FERN is a secure, AI-driven matching engine that taps into the power of Large Language Models (LLM) pretrained for entity resolution.
FERN brings semantic understanding to unifying customer data at scale with higher productivity and match accuracy, working seamlessly alongside rule-based matching and manual matching methods.
FERN can find matches previously impossible or impractical to find with rules or manual review alone.

Que:-Which of the following statements about the real-time API are true? Select all that apply.
[X] Real-Time API increases time-to-action.
    All operations, data-in, data-out, and client interactions are available via API and many via the User Interface (UI).
    Reltio’s API-first approach is a marketing differentiator.
    API allows real-time operating at scale, improves user experience, provides flexibility, and drives innovation.
Ans:- all except The false statement: Real-Time API increases time-to-action.







